[Music]
welcome back to I hope you're doing
really good and you're keeping faith and
well at the moment in today's video I
just want to do like a morning routine
video I was just in a bit like not
really feeling it today you know and on
days like this I always think starting
on morning it completely changes my mood
so I'm just going to show you what I do
to make yourself feel a little bit
better on days like this today's one of
those days where I still kind of need to
be productive I've got quite a few
things like to get through I just wanted
to I sort myself out a bit hurt myself
up have a really yummy breakfast I'm
also going to do a bit of a workout I'm
gonna beat a back workout or a hit work
and see how I feel
once I've had my breakfast he's an
energy right now I've got the whole fan
in this room right now
so I'm just gonna take you through it
morning routine
[Music]
then I always start by making in my bed
that he's probably the most important
thing to like start your day off on the
right foot then recently I've just been
getting ready first thing so that I
don't end up sat in my dressing gown
with a coffee but hovers so I just put
on my moisturizer and everything and
then I just I go ahead with my makeup so
I'm just about to Penelope
so I'm just gonna do a morning
meditation this is something I've been
doing for a good few weeks and helps us
so much I think it's important to do it
like first thing as soon as you wake up
otherwise you just don't write
procrastinating and not doing it so I'm
just going to do one of my favorite ones
I think it's my great meditation I
really like these guys boys sorry I'm
just
[Music]
but some new gym before this week I had
these out already so I'm just gonna
throw at these and have actually tried
them on yet so I'm just kind of looking
out the window and really praying the
Sun makes an appearance today it's been
dreaming the past few weeks while have
had the Sun shite out of these pajamas I
can never feel productive when I'm still
in my PJs let's get changed right
neither this bit these are actually
super comfortable really like this color
as well I'm just gonna make a coffee in
a second I'm so glad I've been making
sure that I've tired of the kitchen the
night before so I don't wake up to like
any masks it's just the worst way to
start your day make sure you turn your
kitchen the night before don't leave
anything that in this thing tends to
[Music]
Hey
so yesterday elephants have a little
know a beautiful day it starts with a
beautiful mind whenever I just feel a
bit off for like just have those days
which I know just don't feel right but I
can't quite pinpoint it I just think
little things like that always helps so
I always aim to write and why I like to
do this the night before I just find it
so more help kind of like slept on it
process like what I need to get doing
and how I wanted to feel the next day so
I just sort of go over that in a morning
and then I could start like taking stuff
off it and I absolutely love doing at
the moment like massive in quarantine
I've been it try not to like over you
know overwork myself or like try and do
too much I'm really cartel that my life
self-care stuff so I'll do is our plan
out my podcasts that I want to do any
like self-care stuff well I'm grateful
for what I have to get done like my main
priorities I'll only do like three of
those and then things like happiness
like how I want to feel and then like a
general to do which will just like for
little things I'm gonna make one of my
favorite breakfast if you've watched a
few my other videos you'll definitely
see this one I'm just gonna make some
eyes
[Music]
polished off this crunchy peanut butter
in zero time at all believe I've gone
through it that quickly just made my oak
ball it's always makes here so good it
is such a lovely little breakfast to
have I've got some peanut butter some
seeds and berries then I just have a
flip through my phone definitely first
thing in the morning to avoid like
spending too much time on the phone
okay so I've just been taking a million
pictures of Penelope I feel like I do
this every day it's about to work out on
this grand basically should just be
renamed Penelope and Olivia because
first of all our folks
[Music]
today is back day this is actually one
of my favorite things to train at the
moment it just makes me feel very
empowered and something I definitely not
have always trained I was in it to this
place today oh my god my hand is shaking
I would describe my craft I might listen
to it this is a really really good world
so that brings us to the end of this
video I really hope you enjoy a similar
or morning routine let me know what
other videos you'd be interested in see
and if you haven't already I'd really
appreciate it if you could like and
subscribe and I'll see you guys in the
next video